	Documentation.

	Pixel Life Studio.

	Thank you for purchasing our product, in this Asset you will find a good solution 
	to create and elaborate your 2D worlds for your project.
	All the animations and setups are already pre configured and saved as Predabs ready to
	be used.
	We offer a robust tool and high quality content for make your dream project come to reality.

	Feel free to contact us if you need any assistance with this asset, or to report a bug.

	All files are ready to go and saved in their respective folders for you'r convinicence.
	All Textures and Sprites saved in "Sprites Texture Folder" (for each separate Biome).

	Every Biome have a Master Tile Palette already configured with all you need for each Biome.
	Check out the Tile Palette Window.

	Files are separated by BIOME for a better understanding and user friendly experience.

		Example:
			All Snow trees and Snow rocks are located in the Prefab Folder of the 'SNOW BIOME KIT'.
			All Grass Tree animations and controls are located in Animations Folder of the 'GRASS BIOME KIT'.


	All Houses Prefabs have 2D Colliders.
	All Fences Prefabs have 2D Colliders.
	All Bridges Prefabs have 2D Colliders.
	All Trees and Bushes Prefabs have 2D Colliders.
	All Rocks Prefabs have 2D Colliders.
	All Crystals Prefabs have 2D Colliders.

	All Custom 'Cliffs Prefabs' DON'T have 2D Colliders.
	All 'Cliffs Rule Tiles' DON'T have 2D Colliders.
	All 'Water Rule Tiles' DON'T have 2D Colliders.
	(you should decide what method for collision detection suits best for your project)


Files format .PNG transparency


Feel free to modify any sprite or animation to give your personal touch.

This kit includes.

NO CODE INCLUDED/NEEDED ON THIS ASSET.


Grass Biome.

	24 Unique Trees Models (with animations)	
	24 Unique Bushes Models (with animations)
	32 Unique Rocks Models (not animated)
	40 Unique Crystals (with animations)
	36 Unique Houses (Modular system interchangeable  parts)
	22 Custom Cliffs (with elevation ramps)
	24 Unique Murshrooms and Flowers (Collectables)
	16 Unique Plants (with diferent stages of growth)
	88 Unique Furnitures (for decoration of internal spaces)
	100 Unique Decoration items(for dedecoration of external spaces)

Snow Biome.

	36 Unique Trees Models (with animations)
	24 Unique Bushes Models (with animations)
	32 Unique Rocks Models (not animated)
	40 Unique Crystals (with animations)
	36 Unique Houses (Modular system interchangeable  parts)
	22 Custom Cliffs (with elevation ramps)
	24 Unique Murshrooms and Flowers (Collectables)
	16 Unique Plants (with diferent stages of growth)
	88 Unique Furnitures (for decoration of internal spaces)
	100 Unique Decoration items(for dedecoration of external spaces)

